


1.capex and opex -tax optimization?

2.select option: azure policy/azure monitor/azure AD threat protection

3.select dropdown list:GDPR/ISO/NIST/Azure govt

4.public preview--SLA is applicable?

5.which of the below is best use for Public cloud ?

6.select option--features of GA/Public preview/private preview

7.cost genrerated in which basis for free account of azure?

8.select option for infrequently accessed data from the below?
  hot
  cool
  archive
  premier

9.your company is planning to move to azure cloud,which option will be best to migrate regarding cost optimization and improvement.

10.how a resource is called as live or ready to move in ptoduction

11.OS(windows/ubuntu/macos) --->runs bash/CLI/powershell

12.virtualmachine create in which MCs?

13.if we have resource group rg1 in that we have virtual machine v1 and we don't want to create any further virtual machine v1 which application we will use for this.

14.drop down question was there
Fault Tolerance
Disaster Recovery
Dynamic Scalability
Low Latency

15.can we have multiple subscription in single account. yes or no
can we merge the subscription into another one if we have multiple subscription for that we need to raise a support request. yes or no
is it possible to create resource in multiple subscription. yes or no

16.In resource group the resources can belong to diiferent location.  yes or no
if we are applying tag to resource group.Would the resources in resource group inherit the same tag. yes or no 
if we assigning the permission to resource group.Would the resources in resource group also inherit the same permission.yes or no

17.you configure the SaaS configuring for high availablity.
  a-- no change is needed
  b-- configure the Saas solution
  c-- configure the Paas solution

18.VM needs to ensure that application can be accessed over the internet via 8080 port?
which is used for this;;;ans-NSG

19.connection between local server with the virtual network located in azure?

20.When organization is completly decomission their DC.



1.What are two characteristics of the public cloud?
Metered pricing     ans
self-service management   ans

2.When planning to migrate a public website to Azure, you must plan a pay monthly usage costs.
Instructions: Review the underlined text. If it makes the statement correct, select “No change is needed”. If the statement is incorrect, select the answer choice that makes the statement correct
No change is needed   ans
Deploy a VPN
Pay to transfer all the website data to Azure  
Reduce the number of connections to the website

3.You have an Azure environment that contains 10 virtual networks and 100 virtual machines.
You need to limit the amount of inbound traffic to all the Azure virtual networks.
What should you create?
One network security group (NSG)   ans
10 virtual network gateways
10 Azure ExpressRoute circuits
One Azure firewall

4.service Uses past trainings to provide predictions that have high probability.  - Azure Machine learning

5.digital online assistant that provides speech support  - AI bot

6.serverless computing functionalities - Azure functions

7.Processes data from millions of sensors - IOT hub

8.Your company plans to deploy several web servers and several database servers to Azure.
You need to recommend an Azure solution to limit the types of connections from the web servers to the database servers.  - NSG

9.If company plans to migrate all network resources to Azure and would decommission the on-premises data center.
Recommend a solution to minimize the impact on users after the migration.   - Sync AD user accounts to Azure AD

10.Which all support plans would provide services such as support,service health etc   - Answer is All

11.If Azure trial account expired,you are unable to create what?
Ans- [Access you data stored in Azure]

12.Is SLA for basic and free account for Azure AD same?
Ans. NO

13.Minimum support plan solution that gives you best practice information, health status and 24/7 access?
Ans.Basic

14. Drag and drop-
Cloud service remains available after occuring - Fault tolerance
service that recovers from failure - Disaster Recovery
service that accessed quickly to internet - low latency
service that increases quickly - dynamic scalability

15.You want to create a Pass Solution.Which one would you choose (yes/no) for recommending 
Compute- VM
Storage- Sql Database and storage solutions

16.help+support blade for maintenace related services

17.If you have deployed a VNET on one azure and then create an Azure policies that restricts ddeployement of VNETs.What would happen to the VMs in those Vnets?
Options. Vm will have read-only  Or Automatically deleted Or No change etc

18.Which one would you use from diagrams for VPN connection to a particular IP from on-premise to Azure?
Ans.Virtual network Gateways

19.To limit connections between web servers and databse servers?
Ans.NSG

20.CapEx and Opex questions like which would be preferred in diff scenarios?

21.Which service you will implement for Web apps to get alerts on ios device
Options: Azure Cloudshell or azure portal or azure CLI or Azure command line (choose any two)

22.which azure component for getting service notifications in case something goes wrong when running Azure VMs?

23.Which service will you use to encrypt user credentials ?

24.To encrypt certificates,service used?

25.In Availability Sets the - Azure data centre failure can occur

26.Which site/link used for any support provided by AZURE
Options.Azure Portal OR support.microsoft.com etc

27. Which one would you use department wise for Billing purposes?Tags

28.Which would allow watermarks for documents,mails -AIP
